so right now we are walking in the
harbor yard
everything is all brick red bricks
everywhere
there's no classes in this area so it's
like where a lot of the tourists come
harvard is very beautiful and elegant to
look at
there's a lot of dorms in this area
actually so right now we're in the dead
center
of harvard yard which is where you'll
probably go when you first visit
harvard behind me is the memorial
library if we do
a pan around
[Music]
right behind me this way is the memorial
church two of the most iconic buildings
i harvard and
you can snap your instagram photos right
here harvard is actually
a liberal arts school and they encourage
exploration so when you first enter
harvard
you don't actually declare a major you
select a bunch of different courses
and you just take whatever you want to
take harvard yard is true to its name
because look behind me
it's an actual garden a lot of grass
here so in the summertime
when it's warm sunny some bay then read
a book
that's what harvard life is all about
learning
and experiencing the world
[Music]
right behind me is the statue of mr john
harvard the founder of harvard
university himself
usually there's like a line of people
waiting to take pictures but today
is not too bad so we get a chance to rub
off on the knowledge
and the history of mr john harvard
so here's here's what you do you come
here
you touch his toe because he's gonna
kick you to the stratosphere of
knowledge as you can see here the toe
is actually more of a bronze color where
the rest
is all like black it's because there's
constant rubbing
on this toe there's a tradition that
however i don't know if i
should tell you but i'm going to tell
you anyway the tradition at harvard
is that before you graduate from your
undergraduate program
you got to pee on this statue so when
you rub the foot you might be actually
rubbing more than just uh bronze over
here
so you might want to wash your hands
afterwards
so i am studying applied math so we can
actually go into the library because
it's
restricted to students only but i can
show you the entrance
who am i kidding this is campus crawl
we got exclusive access into the library
we're going to crawl to every corner of
harvard university so you can get
inspired
to one day study
oh marble it's almost like a museum
you're stepping
into the heritage
[Music]
i just finished studying coming down
from the harvard library that was my
dream to study in there as a little kid
so
i finally did it
it's called the science center but a
bunch of different faculty students have
classes
in this building
all right hello class so this is
the science center this is where a lot
of the lecture halls and
small classrooms like this are located
in this building so if you go to harvard
you'll
come here a lot
all right so right now we're at harvard
square
this is basically like a city center of
harvard the best thing about harvard
is that it's interconnected with the
city so
as soon as you walk outside the campus
what you will see
is everything from gift shops sandwich
shops
banks whatever you want it's very
convenient yeah they have like bars and
restaurants
just near here all right let's keep on
going they kept a part of the
traditional
architecture that's why you can feel so
much heritage
at harvard university
all right so now we're in the smith's
building and right behind me is the
harvard commons
this is one of the best study spots on
harvard campus because it's newly
renovated
it looks extremely aesthetic instagram
worthy all right let's go
[Music]
right now i'm just doing some light
studying taking a little break
it was a lot of walking harvard campus
is pretty spread out
classroom buildings which are all spread
out within like a
10 block radius basically
the harvard commons they have a mix of
quiet studying and
like conversation space and maybe you'll
be
starting your next billion dollar
company here
i love it it's a nice study environment
so we've been let into the chinese
department
and these are chinese classrooms this is
actually very modern
and these classrooms range in size
they go from 15 to around 40 people
right let's turn lights off
oh dim in the center here it's just like
a lounge area where you can sit down
uh have conversations
okay okay now i go back to english
so this is the chinese department but
a lot of the faculties are very similar
and they have their own buildings each
one of them
so harvard has a mix of modern
classrooms and
old classrooms the old classrooms
definitely fit the stereotype of harvard
this is a huge church for university
because originally harvard started as a
religious school they still
run service on sundays which is amazing
look at the organ
click here to see another episode of
campus
crawl i'm your host hafu i'll see you
next time peace